here's what's up showing you my new
black wing build post shining darkness
what it contains of and how that it's
going to be played differently now that
we have some new support so hero yep one
dark on one breeze I'm going to be
testing one breeze this is going in the
spot of dark grepher at the moment
because unlike dark grepher this has so
many more possibilities and it's another
tenure which may lead me to add in mind
control considering now there are four
tuners actually six tuners in the deck
to buy one gal to blizzard and breathe
so and in mind even though the Vice
don't work I often get one sure so I
might test that as well one Gail dress
is standard to value to blizzard hit
mice all right there three scirocco for
sure your Bora I three code now until
spell along Blackwing treasures what I'm
going to call this I'm going to run one
place my Fuhrer that's about it on my
body I really like this card sets up
your place if you open wore off often
times if you win second they're going to
have some back row it's going to have
some monster hate so if you like
whirlwind in scirocco off times it's
going to give bottom list so just my
body just to keep it and you get your
search off and I have giant train let's
go space typhoon and heavy storm is back
row hey allure of darkness and cars for
black feathers as my draw power
bring to book a moon and two black role
in possibly going to add a mind control
let me know what you guys think ask for
the straps the exact same your force
starlight Road I'm loving this card
solemn tarantula to bottomless and three
acres attack and to oil pressure so
that's the deck guys that's post shining
darkness remind you it's actually not
legal I can't play in sanctioned during
that yet so we know what you guys think
and don't forget to subscribe and peace